Jim George: I think the biggest change in our life after having one of these is how integrated we are with the community.
Laura Griffin: We're all in our communities. We're part of the communities
Sandy Scandrett: we take great pride in, in what we do and the services we offer.
Jim George: you get to know the other business owners in the community. You get to know the residents in the community,
Jim George: ah certainly work through the chamber and other community organizations
Joy Batchelor: recently there's been a library expansion and we have been playing an integral part in it. They have
Joy Batchelor: been coming to us for advertising help and marketing help and we are one of their larger ah, supporters for that.
Greg Gagnon: if we do an employee lunch it comes from a mom and pop shop and not a chain store.
Greg Gagnon: Um if we do an employee meeting we go to a local coffee shop
Naresh Bhatt: I'm part of the community where I helped build a big community center actually in, in Seattle area.
Greg Gagnon: it allows us to engage the community on a more holistic level.
Jim George: you meet other business owners, you can talk about what you do at The UPS Store
Jim George: and it turns out that we have a lot of things other business owners want to take advantage of.
Matthew Wood: every community needs a UPS Store um, whether it be for shipping, printing, packaging,
Matthew Wood: freight, shredding services. Um there's a need for that in any community.
Greg Gagnon: I think there were opportunities for me when I first got started with The UPS Store.
Greg Gagnon: I had great mentors and worked for great people. And I learned that it was a possibity for me
Greg Gagnon: to do the same thing eventually on my own. And I want to be that guide for others.
: